1. We are given a school. In the school there are classes of students. Each class has a set of teachers. Each teacher teaches a set of disciplines. Students have name and unique class number. Classes have unique text identifier. Teachers have name. Disciplines have name, number of lectures and number of exercises. Both teachers and students are people.
  Your task is to identify the classes (in terms of  OOP) and their attributes and operations, encapsulate their fields, define the class hierarchy and create a class diagram with Visual Studio.

2. Define class Human with first name and last name. Define new class Student which is derived from Human and has new field – grade. Define class Worker derived from Human with new field weekSalary and work-hours per day and method MoneyPerHour() that returns money earned by hour by the worker. Define the proper constructors and properties for this hierarchy. Initialize an array of 10 students and sort them by grade in ascending order. Initialize an array of 10 workers and sort them by money per hour in descending order.

3. Create a hierarchy Dog, Frog, Cat, Kitten, Tomcat and define suitable constructors and methods according to the following rules: all of this are Animals. Kittens and tomcats are cats. All animals are described by age, name and sex. Kittens can be only female and tomcats can be only male. Each animal produces a specific sound. Create arrays of different kinds of animals and calculate the average age of each kind of animal using a static method. Create a static method in the animal class that identifies the animal by its sound (returns the class by the animal sound).
